My name is Skip Snow. I'm an entrepreneur, software engineer, data scientist, and an artist. I'm originally from New York City, but moved to Los Angeles in 2000.
I love all foods, but I'm not fond of Indian deserts; I find them 'paisty and bland'. I'm single but hope to find the one, once again. I just quite my 350K job to become an AI exec, and I anticipate it will be a bit of a journey, perhaps ending up with me being part of a thriving Start up. 
My legal name is Harvey Snow and I was born on 4/3/1959

chatHealthy.ai is an idea. It is based on the assumption that one can use public data and questions about the healthcare system, and even biology, and add value for consumers and companies by building solutions that together allow consumers to navigate and deal with their health in a more holistic manner, despite the systemic brokenness of the way the American culture deals with healthcare.

An AI fundamental document that I think articulate many of my goals founding 'Chat Healthy' can be found in the Anthropic founders roundtable discussion from You Tube published on 12/20/2024 (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om2lIWXLLN4). 

Short summary of experience in the following areas:
1. Enterprise application portfolio management:
◦ Kaiser Permanente (VP Technical Architecture 2007-2009): I was a voting member of the Application Portfolio Management steering committee.
◦ Forrester Research (Senior Analyst 2013-2015): Often advised large enterprises on how to rationalize and transform their application portfolio. Published reference architecture for CIOs to use as guidance.
◦ Prospect Medical (2019-2020)
▪ Led application portfolio management for this $4 BB enterprise, reported to CIO. Title was ‘Chief Portfolio Architect’ (Used Ardoq for this work)
◦ Humana (Enterprise Architect 2022-2026): Managed the portfolio architecture from an enterprise perspective for the Group, Specialty, and Producer business units. Accountable to manage the portfolios of a nine billion dollar set of businesses with IT programs of up to $250MM over multiple years. Led the architecture for 3 major programs of modernization.
2. Leadership in IT governance and enterprise applications:
◦ I have been working in this area as a professional since 2006 starting at Citigroup. Led data and IT governance initiatives, sat on committees, and engaged with engineers, architects, SMEs and executives from business and IT in modernization and rationalization programs, as well as created and maintained EA frameworks, and policies, standards, and operating procedures. I have a deep understanding of how ideal IT governance should work.